Legend of Chip - Sprint 4 Reflection

What we accomplished: 

	In the sprint 4 assignment, every group of members contributed to the assignment. We successfully achieved the required functionality of 
	every part of the game. Links could collide with enemies and blocks, and links will get hurt when they are touched by the enemy and stop
	walking when they meet the block. Also, the link could shoot four different projectiles to the enemy. 
	We have a sword attack, bomb, blue arrow, and bullet. The enemy will die if they get enough hit by projectiles. Then, the link could pick up
	the item, and the menu could illustrate the item they picked. Also, our game has a menu to illustrate which level they stay and an HP bar for the 
	link. Also, we have the sound effect for the game when we attack the enemy and lose the state of links. Then, the background music is playing while 
	the game was started. 

	Before the project, we assigned different features to different members. Rolina and Gary focused on the collision interface design and link player 
	collision and projectile collision with the enemy. HongXiang and Jiaqing focused on the character state and sound effects in the game.
	Mayank and Evan focused on the menu uploading and uploaded the sprite to the environment. Then, each sub-group tested the code functionality
	and used pull requests to merge each feature onto the master branch.  Finally, we merged everything into the final version of our project. 


What we need to improve: 

	Compared with the last sprint assignment, we faced the problem of every component being strongly correlated. This caused some issues, 
	such as group members needing to wait for other people to finish their part. So it affects our group's working efficiency. Next time, 
	we must figure out how everyone can start working simultaneously. Since this assignment meets up without break time, we could have 
	done better on time management. It caused every group member to rush to work on the last day. So, we need to make a specific schedule about 
	what to get down on a particular day.

